refactor: promote generic EVM-bridging helpers from `miden-agglayer` to `miden-standards` (#3423)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

### Changes

> - [BREAKING] Moved the generic EVM-bridging helpers from `miden-agglayer` into `miden-standards`: the `agglayer::common` MASM modules now live at `miden::standards::utils` (byte-swap and double-word memory helpers), `miden::standards::assets::conversion` (amount scaling and conversion verifiers), and `miden::standards::interop::eth_address`, and the `EthAmount`, `EthAddress`, and `EthEmbeddedAccountId` Rust types moved to `miden_standards::interop` ([#3423](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3423)).

Author: ```suggestion
- [BREAKING] Moved the generic EVM-bridging helpers from `miden-agglayer` into `miden-standards`: the `agglayer::common` MASM modules now live at `miden::standards::utils`, `miden::standards::assets::conversion` and `miden::standards::interop::eth_address`. Corresponding Rust types moved to `miden_standards::interop` ([#3423](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3423)).
```
